•	How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in 
Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?

Using the CRUD module ensures that the program is connected to the correct MongoDB since we used the client-side authentication aspect. To write programs efficiently, developers must write clear and concise code with inline comments that explain the mind set of what I was trying to do within the function. This will help future developers when it comes time for the update set in the program’s lifecycle. The most common type of project management is via an agile method. Therefore, when a client/customer wants something changed within the system, it is best to understand where the mindset of the developer was at the time of programming in order to change the program efficiently. I could use this CRUD python module in the future by referencing back to what works and what doesn’t in the programming design. This would also help me understand what my current application did incorrectly compared to the new methods that arise. 

•	How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?

As a computer scientist, I would approach a problem by figuring out what the actual needs are of the client. I would then build my program off of what the requirements are for the program at hand. Upon receiving the requirements of this project, I started to map out what may work and what may not. Such as the tables being side by side or radio buttons and what ones looked best with the information that was being displayed. The approach to this project was different from other assignments in other courses because I have only taken one introductory Python course, it opened my eyes that it can do more than the typical joins between tables. Thus, learning how to code a geolocation chart as well as a pie chart was a different experience and took more time to understand how everything worked. In the future, I would base my program off of the requirements provided by the project manager, and if I ran into any issues such as my program not working. I know how to research to find more answers. If that does not work, I would then reach out to my colleagues in order to see if they know what works in that particular aspect and what doesn’t. 

•	What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?

Computer scientists research ways that programs can be improved by developing and improving existing algorithms as well as programming languages. With this being said, my work on this type of project would help companies by showing them their accomplishments as well as tracking them. This would help companies learn from the history of what things work when it comes to bettering the company or specific outcomes. The application that I have developed allows Grazioso Salvare to retrieve fast and accurate results of what type of animals are best at certain rescues. Depending on the disaster they are training the animals for, the company can determine what breed works the best. Overall, this will improve the company’s success rate of saving animals or humans that are in a disaster situation, and it will improve the likelihood of being a well-known disaster rescue organization. 
